Add recipes for key-based caching (#7)
bitrise-io/workflow-recipes: recipes/rn-key-cache-dependencies.md

# (React Native) Cache NPM dependencies (Beta)

## Description

> Cache the contents of the `node_modules` folder with the new key-based caching steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache the contents of the `node_modules` folder with the new key-based caching Steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.
```

## Instructions

> 1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the Workflow.
```

> 1. For the **Cache keys** input, add the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following keys to the **Cache keys** input:
```

    ```
    npm-cache-{{ checksum "package-lock.json" }}
    npm-cache-
    ```

>     The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `package-lock.json` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will use the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `npm-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `package-lock.json` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will move on to the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `npm-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.
```

> 1. Add either the [Run yarn command](https://www.bitrise.io/integrations/steps/yarn) or the [Run npm command](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/steps-npm) Step based on your project setup. Set the input variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add either the [Run yarn command](https://www.bitrise.io/integrations/steps/yarn) Step or the [Run npm command](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/steps-npm) Step based on your project setup. Set the input variables:
```

    - Set the **The yarn command to run** or **The npm command with arguments to run** input to `install`.
1. Add the [Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step.

>     - For its **Cache key** input, set `npm-cache-{{ checksum "package-lock.json" }}`. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add `npm-cache-{{ checksum "package-lock.json" }}` to the **Cache key** input. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.
```
